working-hours.md, before:

| date | hours | tasks |
|:----:|----:|:----|
| 10.5. | 2 | Initial client meeting pitching and discussing the idea |
| 24.5. | 1 | Setting up project stuff, like github and trello |
| 3.6.  | 1 | More setup stuff, accidentally made a new github rep |
| 3.6.  | 1 | Researching automatic email service etc. |
| 3.6.  | 2 | Setting up and familiarizing myself with Semantic UI and creating initial database schemas |
| 3.6.  | 2 | Client meeting discussing styling and functionality of the website |
| 4.6.  | 4 | Learning css and Semantic UI, and creating the VCard component |
| 4.6.  | 6 | Further designing the home page and the cards. Now works well on mobile as well |
| 5.6.  | 1 | Smooth gradient generator |
| 5.6.  | 1 | Creating Showtimes view and trying to fix scrolling |
| 5.6.  | 11 | Fine tuning all pages, creating new ticket form page and page not found page, as well as some discussion with client |
| 9.6.  | 7 | Implemented basic backend (without database, a debug version) |
| 10.6. | 7 | Modifying frontend logic to use backend |
| 10.6. | 2 | Trying to fix broken dates caused by JSON parsing among other smaller bugs |
| 11.6. | 3 | Refactoring frontend data manipulation logic save shows and showtimes with redux |
| 11.6. | 4 | Minor refactoring, trying to make page loading smoother with image placeholders etc. |
| 14.6. | 7 | Ticket form page form now works correctly and has validation and error messages |
| 17.6. | 4 | Researching and implementing admin authentication for backend |
| 17.6. | 3 | Frontend login stuff as well as further research on gradients |
| 17.6. | 2 | Disabling cards (no tickets available etc.) |
| 18.8. | 9 | Admin panel base design, researching css transitions, basic ticket page |
| total | 80 |

Commit message:

Some loading and error stuff

working-hours.md, after:

| date | hours | tasks |
|:----:|----:|:----|
| 10.5. | 2 | Initial client meeting pitching and discussing the idea |
| 24.5. | 1 | Setting up project stuff, like github and trello |
| 3.6.  | 1 | More setup stuff, accidentally made a new github rep |
| 3.6.  | 1 | Researching automatic email service etc. |
| 3.6.  | 2 | Setting up and familiarizing myself with Semantic UI and creating initial database schemas |
| 3.6.  | 2 | Client meeting discussing styling and functionality of the website |
| 4.6.  | 4 | Learning css and Semantic UI, and creating the VCard component |
| 4.6.  | 6 | Further designing the home page and the cards. Now works well on mobile as well |
| 5.6.  | 1 | Smooth gradient generator |
| 5.6.  | 1 | Creating Showtimes view and trying to fix scrolling |
| 5.6.  | 11 | Fine tuning all pages, creating new ticket form page and page not found page, as well as some discussion with client |
| 9.6.  | 7 | Implemented basic backend (without database, a debug version) |
| 10.6. | 7 | Modifying frontend logic to use backend |
| 10.6. | 2 | Trying to fix broken dates caused by JSON parsing among other smaller bugs |
| 11.6. | 3 | Refactoring frontend data manipulation logic save shows and showtimes with redux |
| 11.6. | 4 | Minor refactoring, trying to make page loading smoother with image placeholders etc. |
| 14.6. | 7 | Ticket form page form now works correctly and has validation and error messages |
| 17.6. | 4 | Researching and implementing admin authentication for backend |
| 17.6. | 3 | Frontend login stuff as well as further research on gradients |
| 17.6. | 2 | Disabling cards (no tickets available etc.) |
| 18.8. | 9 | Admin panel base design, researching css transitions, basic ticket page |
| 19.8. | 1 | Change backend behaviour for tickets |
| 19.8. | 1 | Added some error and loading stuff |
| total | 82 |
